Ability to use separate attributes for data model and filter model of `yii\grid\GridView` in `yii\grid\DataColumn` (#18455)
yiisoft/yii2: framework/CHANGELOG.md

2.0.41 under development
------------------------

> - Enh: added ability to use separate attributes for data model and filter model of `yii\grid\GridView` in `yii\grid\DataColumn` (PowerGamer1)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Enh #18455: add ability to use separate attributes for data model and filter model of `yii\grid\GridView` in `yii\grid\DataColumn` (PowerGamer1)
```
